---
layout: post
title: Government Hoaxes -- 9-11
---
9-11: The Third-greatest Hoax in Modern History

# Five dancing Israelis
## They knew it was going to happen.

<iframe width="640" height="360" src="https://www.corbettreport.com/?powerpress_embed=19760-podcast&amp;powerpress_player=mediaelement-video" frameborder="0" scrolling="no" webkitAllowFullScreen mozallowfullscreen allowFullScreen></iframe>

[Corbett Report][9]

# Prior False Flags

Deception.

# Governmental Corruption

## Need for a new Pearl Harbor
## Rumsfeld's Missing finances
### Pentagon

## Report from Rumsfeld, Cheney, etc

# Inept Pilots
## Hookers and blow
## Unable to fly a cessna
## Maneuver "nearly impossible."
## Flight controller: "Thank God. It's one of our guys."
## Patsies?

# Twin Towers

## First collapse caused by fire
### Several other examples of greater fires which did not cause collapse
## Squib loads
## Chemical analysis: thermite

## beam cuts
### Straight, diagonal cuts
### Slag
## Molten Steel for MONTHS
## Firefighters: Secondary explosions 
## Building renovations

## Free Fall

The Twin Towers were overbuilt to prevent office workers from getting seasick on windy days, says Kollar. “There’s so much redundancy. . . . The building has to be stiff enough so it doesn’t sway [excessively].” Perimeter columns designed to endure hurricanes, Scott says, were loaded only to “about 10% of their ultimate capacity” in the gentle breeze on 9/11. (See “How Columns Will Be Designed for 110-Story Buildings,” Engineering News-Record, April 2, 1964.)

[Lack of Deceleration of North Tower’s Upper Section Proves Use of Explosives][1]

Many people who think they have been keeping up with the revelations of the last several years about the destruction of the three high-rises in New York City on Sept. 11, 2001, will nonetheless be surprised to discover that the falling upper section of WTC 1 exhibited no measurable deceleration when it impacted the lower section. This is a startling revelation because it adds to the collection of “smoking guns” proving that the “collapse” of that building was not caused by the jetliner impact and ensuing fires.

## Symmetrical collapse vs asymmetrical damage


Failure of heat-weakened steel would show “large deflection, asymmetric local failure, and slow progress,” David Scott, C.Eng., a chartered consulting structural engineer in the UK, told colleagues at the Institution of Structural Engineers in the UK. It’s “a gradual process,” agrees Anders Björkman, and “cannot be simultaneous everywhere.”


William Rice, P.E., a Vermont licensed structural engineer, expects fire-induced failures to be “tilting, erratic and twisting,” while Ronald Brookman, S.E., a licensed structural engineer in Novato, California, figures on “a partial collapse to the side.”

“Symmetrical collapse requires simultaneous failure of all supporting columns,” notes Charles Pegelow, P.E., a Houston, Texas, licensed civil engineer who has performed design work on numerous tall buildings as well as oil rigs. “How could all 47 core columns fail at the same instant?” Pegelow wondered briefly, then concluded definitively, “Fires could not do that.”

## Path of MOST resistence

“With respect to the Twin Towers," he says, “the main puzzle was how two buildings with highly asymmetric damage could fail vertically downwards into the strongest part of the buildings — their steel-columned cores. And not only fail vertically, but at a speed that indicated structural resistance being removed sequentially from under the collapse wave. Few engineers would imagine buildings a quarter-of-a-mile high failing vertically, into their main structures, rather than failing laterally — given the eccentric damage.”

## Molten Steel



## Removal of Steel



# Pentagon

## Video of Impact

## Size of hole vs size of plane
## One section
## Specifically reinforced
## Normal casualties vs actual

# Building Seven
## largest CIA field office
## 300 feet away
## No other buildings collapsed
## University of Alaska - 
## Also a perfectly symmetrical collapse
## Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth
## Barry
### Reports of it being demolished
### RIP 8/19/08
## Offical report has NO EXPLANATION for the collapse

# Flight 76
## Employees work for Raytheon, Boeing, CIA, FBI, etc.

## No debris


## Exercises

Who scheduled them?

Many simultaneous hijackings


# Osama Bin-laden

Former CIA

# Celebrity Testimony
## Jesse Ventura

[Jesse][2]


## Head of space defense

There's no way

David Scott challenges his fellow structural engineers: "The building performance on 9/11 matched controlled demolition. It does not match fire-induced collapse. We have the expertise to discern this. Do we have the courage to broadcast it?"


Condaleeza Rice, August 6: Bin Laden to steal planes and run them into buildings

# Bonus Material

## Mukden/Manchurian Incident - 1931
## Nazi Invasion of Poland
## Operation Northwoods: 1962
## USS Liberty - attacked by Israel. Jammed.

## 2001 Anthrax Attacks

Former researcher at Ft. Detrick
Blamed on Ivins
Apparent suicide
[FBI was told to blame Anthrax scare on Al Qaeda by White House officials][5]

[1]: https://www.ae911truth.org/evidence/technical-articles/articles-by-ae911truth/439-lack-of-deceleration-of-north-tower-s-upper-section-proves-use-of-explosives "Lack of Deceleration of North Tower’s Upper Section Proves Use of Explosives"
[2]: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=56OhXUuY2RE "Ventura's take on 9/11: 'They wanted it to happen'"
[3]: https://www.globalresearch.ca/53-admitted-false-flag-attacks/5432931 "53 Admitted False Flag Attacks"
[4]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Operation_Northwoods "Wikipedia: Operation Northwoods"
[5]: https://web.archive.org/web/20080807005733/http://www.nydailynews.com/news/us_world/2008/08/02/2008-08-02_fbi_was_told_to_blame_anthrax_scare_on_a.html "FBI was told to blame Anthrax scare on Al Qaeda by White House officials"
[8]: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mukden_Incident "Wikipedia: Mukden Incident"
[9]: https://www.corbettreport.com/911-suspects-dancing-israelis/ "9/11 Suspects: Dancing Israelis"
